docs: add notes to when person properties are set (#13110)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/person-properties.mdx

## Default person properties

PostHog attempts to set the following properties when using the `posthog-js` library or JavaScript snippet. These properties are set when the person profile is created and updated via person events (e.g., `$set`, `$identify`).

> > **Note:** By default, only identified users have person profiles. See our [anonymous vs identified events documentation](/docs/data/anonymous-vs-identified-events) for more details.

Reviewer: Ditto above with 
```suggestion
<CalloutBox icon="IconInfo" title="Setting person properties" type="fyi">

By default, only identified users have person profiles. See our [anonymous vs identified events documentation](/docs/data/anonymous-vs-identified-events) for more details.

</CalloutBox>
```
